now funerals for five Palestinians
killed during Israeli raids have been
taking place in Janine in the occupied
West Bank hundreds of people joined the
funeral procession at least eight
Palestinians were killed in overnight
raids across the occupied West Bank Zan
basravi has more from
ramala even as Israel's government even
as the Israelis released Palestinians in
seemingly large numbers in the grand
scheme of things small but for every
Palestinian prisoner they release there
seems to be a continued disregard for
the freedoms of Palestinians they
continue to detain a continuous
disregard for Palestinian life as they
continue to kill people in very violent
and endless raids in the occupied West
Bank just in the last 24 hours eight
people have been killed in raids in
various areas across the occupied West
Bank most of those deaths most of the
activity the major flasho in the last 24
hours even as these hostage even as
these detainees were being released even
as the swap deal was happening there
were raids on going overnight in Janine
in in enormous fashion there was a large
number of Israeli soldiers going in
blocking ambulances trying to get into
hospitals pulling injured people out of
there and this kind of thing continued
throughout the night into this morning
it began in the early hours with the
death of at least one doctor in jine in
the past 24 hours five more were killed
and overnight that death toll went up to
eight there were raids AC across the
area there was also one person killed in
a raid near Nablus as well as one near
ramala uh not far from where we are now
so these constant raids this pressure is
something that people were worried would
get worse in the occupied West Bank as
the ceasefire went into effect in Gaza
and there does seem to be an observable
reality that that is happening the
pressure from the Israeli forces
continuing to intensify in the occupied
West Bank